labs/first-challenge/README.md, before:

First Code Challenge
====================

This is the first challenge in your Advanced Programming Class.

1. Solve the [Length of a Nested Array](https://edabit.com/challenge/yXSTvCNen2DQHyrh6) challenge by using the programming language of your choice.
2. Below are some documentation sections that need to be updated. Those are required for the processor to build and execute your code.
3. Certainly, this problem is already solved in the web, so we recommend you to solve it by your own without consulting others solutions.
4. This is a exploratory excersice that will help the professor to adapt the labs and challenges for the course.
3. Have fun and come prepared on next class.

Build Requirements
------------------
```
# Build Requirements here
```


How to build
------------
```
# instructions here
```


How to Run
----------
```
# instructions here
```


General instructions
--------------------
1. Don't forget to sync first with the base [master](https://github.com/CodersSquad/ap-labs) branch.
2. Push your code to your personal fork.
3. Don't forget to update this `README.md` file with your project's `requirements`, `build` and `how to run` sections.
4. Have fun and don't forget the next section.


How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)

Commit message:

Solve First-Challenge
Signed-off-by: Diego Cabrera Nieto <a01633860@itesm.mx>

labs/first-challenge/README.md, after:

First Code Challenge
====================

This is the first challenge in your Advanced Programming Class.

1. Solve the [Length of a Nested Array](https://edabit.com/challenge/yXSTvCNen2DQHyrh6) challenge by using the programming language of your choice.
2. Below are some documentation sections that need to be updated. Those are required for the processor to build and execute your code.
3. Certainly, this problem is already solved in the web, so we recommend you to solve it by your own without consulting others solutions.
4. This is a exploratory excersice that will help the professor to adapt the labs and challenges for the course.
3. Have fun and come prepared on next class.

Build Requirements
------------------
```
# Python 3.6
```


How to build
------------
```
# Building not needed
```


How to Run
----------
```
Change the content of the nested_array list on top of the function to whatever you want and run this in the command line:

python first_challenge.py
```


General instructions
--------------------
1. Don't forget to sync first with the base [master](https://github.com/CodersSquad/ap-labs) branch.
2. Push your code to your personal fork.
3. Don't forget to update this `README.md` file with your project's `requirements`, `build` and `how to run` sections.
4. Have fun and don't forget the next section.


How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)
