labs/logger/README.md, before:

Lab - Logger Library
====================

Implement a Logger library in C that will be used for printing the following types of messages.
- `INFO` General information.
- `WARN` Warnings.
- `ERROR` Errors.
- `PANIC` Panics. Non recoverable issues with core dump.

This `logger` library will be used instead of `printf` function calls in all new labs and challenges that we'll be doing in the course.
Below you can see the prototype for each function.

```
int infof(const char *format, ...)
int warnf(const char *format, ...)
int errorf(const char *format, ...)
int panicf(const char *format, ...)
```

General instructions
--------------------
- Use the `logger.c` file for your implementation.
- Update `README.md` with the proper steps for building and running your code.
- Use the `testLogger.c` file for testing all your logger functions.
- Use different font color for each of the log types. For colors references go to: https://www.linuxjournal.com/article/8603
- Don't forget to handle errors properly.
- Coding best practices implementation will be also considered.

How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)

Commit message:

Solved logger
Signed-off-by: Diego Cabrera Nieto <a01633860@itesm.mx>

labs/logger/README.md, after:

Lab - Logger Library
====================

Implement a Logger library in C that will be used for printing the following types of messages.
- `INFO` General information.
- `WARN` Warnings.
- `ERROR` Errors.
- `PANIC` Panics. Non recoverable issues with core dump.

This `logger` library will be used instead of `printf` function calls in all new labs and challenges that we'll be doing in the course.
Below you can see the prototype for each function.

```
int infof(const char *format, ...)
int warnf(const char *format, ...)
int errorf(const char *format, ...)
int panicf(const char *format, ...)
```

General instructions
--------------------
- Use the `logger.c` file for your implementation.
- Update `README.md` with the proper steps for building and running your code.
- Use the `testLogger.c` file for testing all your logger functions.
- Use different font color for each of the log types. For colors references go to: https://www.linuxjournal.com/article/8603
- Don't forget to handle errors properly.
- Coding best practices implementation will be also considered.

Steps to Build and Run code
---------------------------

1. Compile `logger.c` with

```cmd
  gcc -c logger.c -o logger.o
```

2. Compile `testLogger.c` with

```cmd
  gcc -c testLogger.c -o testLogger.o
```

3. Link the files with

```cmd
  gcc logger.o test.o -o main.o
```

4. Finally, run the code with the following command

```cmd
  ./main.o
```

How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)
